So I wanted to mention that there is a special type of logarithm called the common logarithm.
So for example if you have logarithm of 16 with base 2 and we're looking for a number so that when you
race to to that number you get 16.
That number is going to be four because two times two times two times two.
So two multiplied by itself four times or two to four equals sixteen.
Two to four equals 16.
So in the examples we've done we always have a base.
But what happens if you do not have a base
to for example you have a log of 100 no base.
Well if you see no base then it is assumed that the base is a specific number.
And let's go into the definition of the common logarithm to check that out.
All right so here it is coming logarithm.
So a common logarithm is a logarithm with base 10.
And again this is implied if no base is specified.
So for example if I say let's find the log of 100 and the base is not specified then it's implied that
the base is 10.
OK.
So in other words logarithm of a hundred equals logarithm of 100 with base 10.
All right so 10 is like the default value for logarithms.
If no other base is specified and there's no base then the base is 10.
All right.
And what would be the answer to this.
Well 10 raised raced toward power gives you 100 Well 10 times 10 is 100.
So the answer would be to because 10 to the two equals 100.
All right was to another example
log of a million.
All right.
So first thing that we check is what's the base.
The base is not specified.
So that means that the base is 10 and to what number do we need to raise 10 to get to a million.
It's actually 6.
All right.
So that would be the answer to this problem.
So again very simple.
This is called the common logarithm and it's a logarithm with base 10.
If the base is not specified then the base is 10.
If it is specified and it says for example log of 100 base 2 then the base is literally 2.
But if nothing's there the base is 10.
That is a default value for logarithms.